hey guys so today I want to bring you a
video on why should you never ever ever
ever sleep in your makeup and we've
touched on this a little bit in other
videos and like I'll probably link if
you ever hear like you know does makeup
clog polarize I know talked about in
there we've talked about a couple
different videos but I want to explain
to you straight up why it should not be
done even if your makeup says Nanako me
and genic and let me tell you I'm going
to try very very hard to make this a
very very short video but every single
time I say that it ends up being 20-30
minutes you know what I mean um I hadn't
want to try to make this very very short
um so if I leave anything out please
comment below tell me of course if you
have ideas or thoughts about this you
should share them but before this video
is a thousand dollars long I will try to
tell you kind of explain things to you
first off some people might say oh I
don't have to take my makeup off I use a
mineral makeup where oh I don't have to
take off my makeup it says
non-comedogenic
here's the thing whether your makeup is
non-comedogenic whether it's mineral or
whether it's just straight-up foundation
you should never wear you makeup to
sleep and if you leave it on throughout
the entire night even if it is mineral
even if it is non-comedogenic even if
the bottle says that you can sleep in it
you cannot sleep in it well technically
you can do anything you freaky D can
want to but you should not because you
will get acne if you have sensitive skin
there are some people whose skin doesn't
react to anything if you're the kind of
person who doesn't have acne then yeah
you can sleep on your makeup it's
probably not good for your skin because
it's still on there but it probably
won't cause you breakouts if you've
never had a break out but if you are
acne prone I can say 99.99% of time it
will break people out and you may not
see it the next day you might see it a
week from then but trust me it's bad
reason why is this what happens oh my
god there's the blip blip be baby limp
limp limp it's a blip blip cuz what
happens we put foundation on our face
okay foundation sits on our face now our
skin let's see we're not wearing
foundation what happens our skin
naturally slough off you guys know that
we have different layers of the skins do
the seven layer skin dance
seven different layers of the skin
and those are constantly renewing and
the top one is always coming off and
that happens naturally of course if you
take an exploit or you can exfoliate two
to three layers down and that will speed
up that process but if you just didn't
touch your skin naturally it exfoliates
a little bit so what happens we have
this foundation on obviously that's
stopping the skin from doing what it
does naturally it's stopping the skin
from taking off that top layer because
we have this foundation that's keeping
it on so what happens is that as we know
there's different parts to a pimple the
pimple is caused by oil bacteria
inflammation and a clog so what happens
is that when this foundation is stopping
the skin from slipping off we're doing
this eight hours a night
all the sudden that causes a clog that
clog and the top of the pimple if you
have blackheads and you sleep in your
makeup this may be why so you think
about it that's one of the main factors
for causing acne so what happens
foundation is on our face at night you
know our skin can't renew our skin can't
exploit
creates that clog that clog is irritated
mixes with oil from our skin causes
bacteria all of a sudden we got a big
pimple then it gets inflamed because it
hurts our face our face doesn't like
pimples all over it now does it I don't
think so I think it's all inflamed and
it really causes our skin to kind of
break out and freak out after a week or
two even if you remove it the next day
so that is why you need to remove your
makeup because it stops the skin from
doing what it does naturally and also if
there's chemicals in your foundation
there back through your skin they can
soak into your skin and cause breakouts
you know but overall it stops the skin
from exploiting and it creates a plug
which turns into bacteria which turns
into a pimple which is why you should
never sleep in your makeup and that's
the other thing many people say I don't
sleep in my makeup I take off my makeup
using one makeup towelette or I cleanse
my face with a cleanser and my makeup is
off that is not removing your makeup
that is partially removing your makeup
if you're using a tinted moisturizer or
a mineral foundation yes maybe one
makeup wipe will get it off but you
still need to cleanse your skin
afterwards if you're gonna use a makeup
wipe you need to use the cleanser after
if you're gonna cleanse your skin using
a cleanser you need to use either
another pass of a cleanser or something
after I personally especially that's for
tinted moisturizers if you have a very
thick full coverage foundation like
really amazing foundations that are
really full coverage photo ready makeup
forever
hourglass immaculate even Revlon
Colorstay or color or whatever if you
have those that are really really thick
on your skin you're gonna need to wash
four to five times and what's nice about
those makeup wipes is you can wash your
skin get all that off and actually use
the makeup wipe and see is there any
color on there if you move your skin
with the makeup wipe over your face and
there is any color there means your
makeup is not completely removed and you
always have to wash your skin more than
once or twice so personally I do it
maybe five times and that's not five
times a day that's in the shower and
just keep on going until there's nothing
left to make sure that it's really off
of my face because think about you have
really full coverage on that's what
you're waking mate you have really full
coverage on let's say you're wearing
makeup forever and you just go and you
say okay I'm gonna wash my face and you
get some soap and you get some water and
blood I'm done not really because if you
take a makeup wipe you'll still see
there's a ton of different stuff on
there so until there is absolutely
nothing on your face and it's clean as
you should do and I'm not saying rub
your skin to that that's not good cuz
rubbing your skin to death and they
aggravate it but I'm saying use a good
makeup remover use a good cleanser maybe
use a white to check if there's anything
left maybe use an exfoliator and overall
just try to take care of your skin so I
hope that this wasn't five hours I'm
guessing it's between five and seven
let's pray to God that that's true
because if it's not but I feel like a
big ol failure but I love you guys and I
hope that you will not wear you makeup
to bed tonight I hope you understand
this now and if you guys already
understood this or if you know something
that I didn't talk about here or if you
have something to say that I didn't say
or if you agree or if you disagree go
ahead and post a comment leave a video
response let's all talk about it so we
can learn even more so again I hope you
guys do not blow your makeup to bed
tonight and you all have a very lovely
day so I'll talk to you guys soon
and let me know bye